good evening folks all right so just so
you guys know Channel's not getting
deleted so go all right so we're looking
at
the NASDAQ is the weekly chart of the N
act December 2024 delivery contract
month this price run here this
retracement back in this is what we were
noting
okay so this was the high if you watch
the Sunday's premarket before the week
started
trading gave you guidance about this is
the level I anticipate as an upside once
we take out this High I mentioned that
there was a volume imbalance you can
note that I wasn't going to do that we
never even worried about that at all and
that's the level that's where it came
from okay so 21,
58.2 if you are following along today on
Twitter or X as it's called now
uh you heard me not heard but you read
in my posts that uh this is what I was
looking for as a draw later on after did
certain things as NASDAQ was opening up
in the opening range so we'll drop down
to a daily chart real quick all right
you see the daily chart on the NASDAQ
here's that retracement down in and I'll
highlight that so you can see the
reference points for the FIB here here
once this high is taken out this this is
one of the
easiest like I guess it's
the quick General World thumb once a
range is broken out you're going to look
for either upside objective uh very
simple cut and dry draw on liquidity or
a frame of reference for potential
Circle turtle
soup this is a good General Royal thumb
I've used over the years it's real
simple it's not really based on anything
that's in technical books but uh one
quarter of the previous range broken out
uh that's where I think markets can
trade to nor we're trading with alltime
highs okay so you stick with going long
until it approves
otherwise now so we have had
a range in here on the daily chart that
is lower on the close we made a higher
high we failed to get to that extension
which is fine it's not important it
trades there if you go back and watch my
Sunday video you'll hear me say that it
can go as much as this this is where I
would think is reasonable okay so I
really wasn't excited about going any
further than that this is this where the
threshold would be once we taken out
this high how high can it go ICT well
ICT said on Sunday before the market
started trading 21580 and a quarter
that's about as far as I would like to
see it trade to now it could have and
can still tomorrow n hero could just rip
right on through that that's fine it's
not important for me to to be accurate
about
that so we're going to drop down to a
60-minute chart all right you can see
here on the hourly chart for Nasdaq we
Tred above that high there and then
again fell short just below that 21580
went to
2,560 7 and a qu you can see that price
level up
here then gave up the G on the day and
traded lower taking the cell side in
here so we'll note that
see a trade down to that have a breaker
here was high low higher high down close
candle on here trades up into it then
sends it to the cell
side go down to a 15-minute time frame
right you can see how we had this really
fuzzy type price delivery this morning
talking about this in X live I mentioned
how this is problematic and we'd want to
see a obvious run at 10
o'cl that would be an ideal scenario and
the market does in fact trade
outside of the Range High
here right there at noon okay so we
trade above and then the market attacks
the cell side and the cell side right
there these relative equal lows we'll
look at that that was the original basis
for why I was looking for 490 as I draw
the cell side and then a rally up
towards the uh
21500 8.25 level which was the very
specific price level I showed you on the
weekly chart as an extension should all
right so here's the one minute chart and
I'm showing you the Thursday
overnight London session lows so you can
see these two lows in here in True Form
be this you would probably have your
charts annotating that right
there and if you weren't looking at that
one this would be certainly fine and
that was the one I was annotating today
but I called the level
2,490 okay so that way you can see it
follow along with my post on Twitter or
X again
and the market moves away from that and
as we enter
the 9:00 hour I was talking about how
the market was staying inside of this
particular candlesticks range the high
and the low staying inside that this is
problematic so because of that I want to
see a trade to 10:00 so at 10 o'clock
then we'll start watching and seeing
what it's going to do for us but up in
here I I looked at it and said okay well
it looks like we've taken the buy side
here so this is what you'll see like
fleshing it out for
you that is a minor buy
side and this is a minor cell
side meaning buy stops Above This high
sell stops above this I'm sorry below
this low and then ultimately the level
down here I was aiming for and then the
other level to the upside these are
two
primary this is primary buy side this is
primary sell
side minor sell
side minor buy side okay so I indicated
on Twitter or X again that I'd like to
see the 8 a.m. which is this High here
i' like to see that taken and then trade
down to
21490 and then trade in the direction to
the uh 21580 level okay so that was what
I gave guidance for this morning before
it actually happened Market traded up we
broke down the bodies of the candles on
this rally up that was a shift in Market
structure there so as the market trades
back above this old high you'll see in
the recording I'll add it at the end of
this video um the run back above that I
went short and then we had a an
immediate rebalance where the market
trades back up into this low here I
added to it there the market then
attacked this level here I had several
limit orders layered below that in the
event that we didn't get down to
2,490 and that served me well because it
took two limit orders left one went
right down to the price but the spread
wouldn't let me get out on it and the
remaining four contracts would not be
filled there either so the market
rallied back up came back and hit my
stop at 526 and I gave guidance on that
as well real time on X the market then
went into range bound
consolidation and then R in here we're
going to look at on a 5-second chart but
the framework is this if we look at this
little area right in here I'm going to
highlight that so that way we'll know
what we're referring
to all through here
okay so we have high higher high higher
high and then this High taking out that
high okay so in this little range right
here we're going to look at the
inefficiency and volume and balance that
was keyed off of on a 5-second chart so
I'm going to drop down to a 5-sec chart
now all right so here's the 5sec chart
on NASDAQ so you can see we
had high High higher high higher high so
I'm going to get rid of this rectangle
here because it's really not serving
anything except for me
helping highlight where in the 5sec
chart the time frame was where the
shorts were uh
taken so in this little area right in
here you watch and see
how that's
siy wait see how the bodies are
respecting that Wick's above it yes
that's fine but the bodies are
respecting
that okay so when we created that I went
short aiming for consequent encroachment
and volume and balance right in here and
it's a 5sec chart so Marketing in you're
not going to get the the perfect entries
and I didn't have time to be doing limit
orders plus I just want to prove that
the the orders are being filled with the
buy and sell buttons up here which is
what you don't see when you're using
Market replay I use Market replay and
then the market trades lower comes back
up in and I'm treating this as a premium
array so it's kind of like a
reclaimed sell side and balance buy side
efficiency it was used here and then
once more come back above here notice
the bodies respecting the midpoint
consequent approachment and then the
high so I saw that I was like okay this
is a bull flag I know retails going to
want to see that and want to trade
higher off of that and I think it and
then used the
reclaimed civy
here so Market breaks
down I want to see it take out this low
it does so aggressively see all the thin
price action in here whereas it's back
and forth back and forth even going
lower but here it creates this nice
inefficiency we come back up in there's
two of them always give room for it to
trade from the higher one there and then
aggressively sells off into
the
2,490 level and you can see that that
was the limit order being filled so I
want to make sure I had that done today
cuz I outlined it and then this morning
I said I'd like to see it trade down
into after taking the 8:00 high then
trade down into
21490 and then slow roll up into 21 580
Direction so okay you see these lows
right here
that to
me with these relative equal lows and
then we have this low so have high low
lower low lower low so all these lows
are characteristic of a favorable it's a
good candidate for sell side liquidity
so that means the nonpr payroll Friday
tomorrow we could see if we don't trade
aggressively higher uh they may want to
attack this area in here if not Friday
may be going into early part of next
week so that's what I'm expecting not
prop payroll Friday tomorrow and I think
that's going to be it again as a
celebration of Bitcoin going to 100,000
I will resume doing Forex market reviews
on The Daily again I'm not doing them
right now because it's the holiday and
well it's holiday season for ICT let put
it that way I'm usually not even looking
at the charts but when we resume the uh
2025 mentorship on YouTube all for free
um every day I'll be ringing in a Forex
market review so I'll cover the bound
dollar euro dollar dollar Index and I'll
also do a continuation of index Futures
as you're used to seeing now and then
also I'm going to be ringing in
commodity prices so I'll be looking at
the majors in commodity markets in every
sector in that so Foods Meats Metals
energies debt instruments all business
agricultural so hopefully you found this
insightful until I talk to you again be
safe